Release 23.11.0 (#7403)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.released.md

and this project adheres to [Calendar Versioning](http://calver.org/) `0Y.0M.MICRO`.
For upgrade instructions, please check the [migration guide](MIGRATIONS.released.md).

## [23.11.0](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/releases/tag/23.11.0) - 2023-10-24
[Commits](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/compare/23.10.2...23.11.0)

### Highlights
- Added a new tool that allows either measuring the distance of a path or a non-self-crossing area. [#7258](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7258)

> - Added a feature to create an engaging animation of a dataset and its meshes processed in Blender with a WK worker job. [#7348](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7348)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For setups with webknossos-worker: Added a feature to create an engaging animation video of a dataset and its meshes processed in Blender. [#7348](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/7348)
```
